Neurology Asia December 2020536explored for its efficacy and safety in treating CP in both animal models and clinical trials with successful results. The potential benefits of stem cell therapy in CP can be acquired via any or combination of the following mechanisms:. replacement of the damaged or lost neurons and oligodendroglia,. Paracrine mechanism wherein different factors such as growth factors and antiinflammatory factors release and stimulate the recovery of injured cells in the brain. Stem cells can. enhance the neuroregeneration by its homing properties,. secret different active molecules, including trophic factors, neurotrophic factors, cytokines and soluble molecules, angiogenic factors. Also, patients with CP may get benefit from stem cell immunoregulation, neuroprotection, and neurodifferentiation. 9,10 Both autologous and allogenic stem cells have been used for CP treatment. Though autologous cells may seem more attractive due to little or less immunogenic and rejection concerns, allogenic cells are probably better, especially for preterm neonates. 11 Also, the concept of stem cell therapy is to stimulate the regeneration of the central nervous system. This may improve the neuromotor function of patients with CP. This study was done to evaluate the efficacy and safety of stem cells for improving the gross motor function of patients with CP. METHODS Search strategy and identification of studies Clinical trials that used stem cell therapy in children with CP were retrieved from Google Scholar, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Embase, and PubMed databases by three reviewers independently between April to May 2020. Also, the reference lists of previous reviews and studies found in the above databases were manually checked. Keywords used were stem cells, cerebral palsy, and gross motor function. Details of search terms are presented in Supplementary Material. Eligibility criteria All randomised controlled trials involving human studies with patients with CP published in the English language from the year 2010 to 2020 were included. The eligibility criteria were showed in PICOs framework. Types of studies, participants, and interventions Only randomized control trials study designs involving intervention group compared with the control group were included. No restrictions regarding age, type, or severity of CP were made. While editorials, newspaper articles, and other forms of popular media were excluded. A third, independent reviewer resolved any apparent discrepancies during the selection process. Types of outcome measures Primary outcomes: The primary outcome of interest for stem cell therapy was an improvement in gross motor function. Secondary outcomes: Adverse events were evaluated to assess the safety of stem cell therapy. This can provide a fair judgment of benefit; risk ratio of stem cell therapy for patients’ decision making. Assessment of risk of bias and data extraction Two reviewers independently assessed the risk of bias in each included study using Cochrane’s ‘Risk of bias’ tool. 12 Any disagreement was recorded and resolved by the involvement of an additional reviewer. Each trial was evaluated as low, high, or unclear risk of bias in the following areas: allocation concealment;) random Table 1: PICOs framework Population Intervention Comparison Outcome Study People with cerebral palsy Stem cell therapyCompare the outcomes after stem cells therapy versus placebo or rehabilitation. Gross motor function and adverse effectsAll randomized controlled trials involving human subjects537sequence generation; blinding of outcome assessment; blinding of participants and personnel; incomplete outcome data; and selective reporting. Data collection and analysis Selection of studies: All literature underwent critical appraisal to assess their quality by three reviewers independently. Quality assessment was carried out using the Jadad score. A minimum score of 3 was required for an RCT to be included in this study. 13 Data extraction and management: Data were extracted from the selected articles using research tables. Also, methodology, participants, interventions, study design, outcome, and adverse events were extracted. Measures of treatment effect: Statistical analysis was done using Review Manager 5.3 to provide a summary estimation of stem cell’s effects. The mean, standard deviation, and the number of participants in stem cell treatment groups and control groups were used for the continuous outcome. The randomeffects model was used. Different scales measured the same variable; thus standardised mean differences with 95% CI were used to measure the treatment effect. For interpreting effect sizes or SMDs, 0.2, 0.5, and 0.8 were considered as small, moderate, and large effects subsequently. Assessment of heterogeneity: The impact of statistical heterogeneity was assessed using Chisquare with a signifi cance level at p < 0.05 was used for identifi ed statistical heterogeneity. An I 2 > 25% was measured as moderate heterogeneity and I 2 > 75% high heterogeneity. Heterogeneity of study characteristics, including differences in types of stem cells used, participants, methods, were also evaluated. Ethical Statement This study was registered in the National Malaysia Research Registry. RESULTS Results of the search The results of the search are provided in a PRISMA fl ow diagram. We conducted the ! "#! ! Figure 1. PRISMA flow diagram Figure 1. PRISMA fl ow diagramNeurology Asia December 2020538initial search for this review in December 2018 and updated it again in April and May 2020. A total of 6,590 references were retrieved, and 109 articles were considered as potentially eligible after screening. After assessing full texts, seven studies met eligibility. While 102 articles excluded with reasons summarized in Figure 1. Included studies All seven RCTs had a quality assessment of JADAD scoring ≥ 3 points. These studies were randomly assigned their participants to the experimental group, which received the stem cell intervention and a control group that received conventional treatment. The followup duration of the studies was 6 to 24 months. The characteristics of the selected trials are summarized in Table 2. Characteristics of participants All seven trials included a total of 411 participants with a diagnosis of CP. The trials were conducted in China 14,18,19, Korea15,16, and the United States of America.17 Most of the participants were male. The age, severity, and type of cerebral palsy in participants varied. In all trials, participants were less than 12 years old, except for one trial. 18 The type of cerebral palsy was only recorded in three trials. 14,17,18 Four trials recorded the severity of CP in GMFCS at baseline.1618 Types of intervention One trial compared stem cells alone to placebo.16,17 Two trials compared stem cells with rehabilitation to rehabilitation alone.14 Two trials compared stem cells with rehabilitation to placebo with rehabilitation. 19,20 Two RCTs were a threegroup comparing with additional effect compared to erythropoietin 19 or mononuclear cells.18 Out of the seven trials, the transplanted cells utilized in five trials were derived from umbilical cord blood 1517,19,20, while one trial was from bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells and bone marrow mononuclear cell 18, and one was neural progenitor cells.14 Five trials used allogeneic stem cells14,1618,20, and 2 trials used autologous stem cells.15,19 There were variations in the methods of cell transplantation that was performed in the selected trials, with most using intravenous infusion. The details of the intervention plan of selected trials are summarized in Table 3. Type of outcomes measured All seven trials measured the effect of stem cell intervention on GMF, using the Gross Motor Function Measure, allowing metaanalysis. The data were analysed as a continuous outcome. Details of the outcome of selected trials are summarized in Table 3. Effects of interventions on gross motor function Six out of seven trials reported significant improvement of GMF 1416,1820. One trial reported no significant difference in mean changes between treatment and control groups 17, but those who received a higher cell dose showed statistically significant improvements compared with patients who received lower doses. Overall, a positive effect on GMF was observed in stem cell group compared to control group, SMD = 2.22. However, the test for heterogeneity was statistically significant. Since UCB was the most used stem cell in the selected trials, it was thus pooled for separate analysis. A greater treatment effect on GMF was reported for UCB than control group, SMD = 3.24 but with significant heterogeneity. The followup period varied among these studies, with the most available GMFM data at 6or 12months. Thus, it was aggregated for individual analysis into 6or 12months. A greater positive treatment effect favouring stem cell therapy was noted at 6months, SMD 3.33. The Forrest plots of GMF changes at 6or 12months period in the selected studies are presented in the supplementary material. Risk of bias The risk of bias in selected trials was assessed using the Cochrane criteria. The risk range was variable. Three selected trials that used UCB had highquality methodologies with Jadad score 5 and had a low risk of bias. 15,16,20 The summary of the risk of bias in the selected studies is presented in supplementary materials. Adverse events Two of the seven trials reported serious adverse events. 14,15 In one trial, 10 SAE were reported that required patient hospitalization, such as pneumonia, seizure, influenza, and urinary 539Table 2: Details of intervention plan of selected studies Study Participants Intervention Stem Cell Used Mode of delivery Frequency Luan et al. 201214Cerebral palsy Type: quadriplegic, diplegic, dyskinetic, mixedSeverity: GMFCS IV Age: 03.5 years Group 1: Stem cell + rehabilitation Group 2: Rehabilitation Allogeneic neural progenitor cells derived from aborted fetal tissueInjected into lateral ventricles of brain through fontanelle under guidance of ultrasonography.Single transplantation session Min et al. 2013 15Cerebral palsy Type: Not defined Severity: Not defined Age: 10 months10 years Group 1: Stem cell + erythropoietin + rehabilitation Group 2: Erythropoietin + rehabilitation + placebo Group 3: Rehabilitation + placebo Allogeneic umbilical cord bloodIntravenous infusion Single transfusion session Kang et al. 2015 16Cerebral palsy Type: Not defined Severity: GMFCS IV Age: 6 months20 years Group 1: Stem cell + rehabilitation Group 2: Rehabilitation Allogeneic umbilical cord bloodIntravenous infusion or intraarterial infusionSingle transfusion session Sun et al. 2017 17Cerebral palsy Type: quadriplegia, diplegia, hemiplegia Severity: GMFCS IIV Age: 16 years Group 1: Stem cell Group 2: Placebo Autologous cord blood Intravenous infusion Single transfusion session Liu et al. 2017 18Cerebral palsy Type: Spastic Severity: GMFCS IIV Age: 6150 months Group 1: BMMSCs Group 2: BMMNCs Group 3: Rehabilitation Autologous 1) Bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells, 2) Bone marrow mononuclear cell Intrathecal 4 transplantation session at an interval of 34 days Neurology Asia December 2020540tract infection, but the distribution of adverse effects did not differ between the treatment and control groups. 15 The same study also reported one death that was determined to be unrelated to treatment after all records and events were reviewed. Nonserious AE such as fever, urticaria, and diarrhoea was often reported after treatment. Few patients who received intrathecal injections reported headaches, nausea, and vomiting, attributed to effect of lumbar puncture. However, these complications were transient in nature and symptomatically managed successfully. There were no prolonged or delayed adverse effects reported throughout the varied duration of studies. Details of the AE are summarized in Table 3. DISCUSSION The exact mechanism of action of stem cell therapy in CP is still unknown. Due to the bloodbrain barrier, it is less likely that injected stem cells can travel to the brain and differentiate to neuron cells. However, the trophic and antiinflammatory effects of stem cells are well known and might partially explain the observed effects. A recent study has reported the psychological changes as the most frequent detected improvements after stem cell therapy in patients with CP. 21 The psychological changes might be associated with the reported efficacy of stem cell therapy for improving the motor function of patients with CP in the present study. The paracrine mechanism of stem cells with the secretion of a variety of cytokines, such as antiinflammatory cytokines, neurotrophic factors, and angiogenic factors, may explain the observed improvement in GMF in all seven trials included in this review. All selected trials in this review have provided sufficient data for the outcome measured with metaanalysis. A positive treatment effect on GMF was established based on this metaanalysis for stem cell intervention. However, these seven included trials indicted a significant heterogeneity when the GMF outcome was pooled. These might be the result of different treatment protocols, such as methods of cell transplantation, type of stem cells used, age of patients, severity, and type of CP, cell doses, duration of followup, treatment phases, and gap period. Therefore, the conclusions that can be drawn from the results are limited. In our review, the treatment effect was notably greatest for UCB cells compared to any other cell type. An earlier systematic review with metaanalysis 2 also had a similar finding that UCB cells have a greater effect than other cell Table 2: Details of intervention plan of selected studies Study Participants Intervention Stem Cell Used Mode of delivery Frequency Huang et al. 201819Cerebral palsy Type: Not defined Severity: Not defined Age: 312 years Group 1: Stem cell + rehabilitation Group 2: Rehabilitation + placebo Allogeneic human umbilical cord blood mesenchymal stem cell Intravenous infusion Total 2 cycles. 4 infusion in each cycle at an interval of 7 days between infusions, and 3 months interval between cycles. Gu et al. 2020 20Cerebral palsy Type: Not defined Severity: Not defined Age: 212 yearsGroup 1: Stem cell + rehabilitation Group 2: Rehabilitation + placebo Allogeneic umbilical cordderived mesenchymal stem cell Intravenous infusion4 transfusions at an interval of 7 days541Table 3: Details of outcome of selected studies StudyFollowup DurationOutcome Serious Adverse Events & Adverse Events Luan et al. 20121412 months At 1 and 6 months: Motor: significantly improved on GMFM and PDMSFM in stem cell group. At 12 months: Significantly improved in motor, fine motor and cognition on an unified survey questionnaire in the stem cell group.SAE: 1 patient developed small foci bleed in the frontal lobe at puncture side, manifesting in lowgrade fever and mild rightsided facioplegia, which resolved within 2 weeks after coagulant and symptomatic treatment. AE: 6 patients developed nonbacterial fever lasting about a week. No prolonged or delayed adverse effects were reported. Min et al. 2013 15 6 months At 6 months: Motor: significantly improved on GMPM, and BSIDII Motor scale in stem cell group. Cognition: Significantly improved on BSIDII Mental, and social cognition of WeeFIM.SAE: 10 SAE requiring hospitalization were reported. However, the incidence of SAE did not differ between groups. 1 death occurred after 3month posttreatment, but was concluded not to be related to treatment after all related records and events were reviewed. AE: Fever, upper respiratory tract infection, urticaria, diarrhoea and others. No prolonged or delayed adverse effects were reported. Kang et al. 2015 16 6 months At 1, 3 months: Muscle strength: significantly improved on manual muscle testing in UCB group. At 6 months: Motor: Significant improved on GMFM66 in UCB group. Those who received a higher cell dose ≥ 5.46 x 107/kg showed a higher outcome scores.SAE: No SAE were reported AE: Upper respiratory tract infection, pyrexia, pneumonia and others. The incidence of AE did not differ between groups. Sun et al. 2017 1724 months At 1 year: Motor: no significant different in mean change in GMFM66 between treatment and placebo groups. In 2year analysis: Those who received a higher cell dose ≥ 2 x 107/kg showed significantly greater increases in GMFM66, PDMS2 and normalized brain connectivity.SAE: No SAE were reported. AE: 1 patient had transient infusion reactions consisting of hives and lowgrade fever after both placebo and ACB infusions, successfully treated with additional diphenhydramine. 1 ACB unit grew betahemolytic streptococcus from a sample of the thawed unit, the patient was not treated with antibiotics and did well.Neurology Asia December 2020542types and concluded that patients with CP who have undergone stem cell intervention have a significant shortterm effect on GMF. UCB cell therapy for the treatment of patients with CP is currently widely assessed in clinical trials, and some preclinical studies have shown that human cord bloodderived stem cells can induce endogenous nerve repair processes. 22 Although the precise action of mechanisms for neurogenesis and neuroprotective effects to sites of injury remains to be confirmed, the methodologies to standardize the maximum efficacy of UCB treatment regimens are still required. The limited number of cells available from a single unit remains a challenge in UCB. 23 For example, the number of infused stem cells present in the average UCB unit is only approximately 5% of the optimal dose for adults 24. The inability to achieve cell dose standardization is the limitation in many studies. 25 Sun et al.17 reported that those who received a higher cell dose demonstrated significant improvement in GMF than those who received a lower dose. These similar findings were also reported in the other two trials. 15,16 However, the therapeutic cell dose has yet to be established, which should be further explored in future studies. The optimal timing of stem cell therapy is still unknown. Few animal studies found that an early administered stem cell therapy had more significant neuroprotection. 26,27 Younger age at the time of treatment has been associated with better outcomes, but most of the cases with CP are not diagnosed until approximately 2 years of age. In some studies, both children and adults have been recruited; however, due to the likely effect of age on the outcome of stem cell treatment, this wide range of participants’ age might be a confounding factor for the interpretation of results. Therefore, in future research, the age range and timing of receiving stem cell therapy should be appropriately planned for obtaining more precise results. Adverse events were reported in all trials, with no prolonged or delayed adverse effects. The serious adverse events which were reported in Min, et al. 15 had an equal incidence in both treatment and control group. The detailed adverse effects and monitoring the safety of stem cell therapy for a long period are essential in future trials since the late complications of allogenic stem cell transplantation have been reported in some diseases. 28 It is also essential to study the biological characteristics of CP patients, such as Table 3: Details of outcome of selected studies StudyFollowup DurationOutcome Serious Adverse Events & Adverse Events Liu et al. 20171812 months At 3, 6 and 12 months: Motor: Significant improved on GMFM and FMFM scores were in the BMMSC group, higher than the BMMNC and the control groups.SAE: No SAE were reported.AE: Fever, low intracranial pressure reactions. Huang et al. 2018 1924 months At 3,6,12 and 24 months: Motor: Improved motor on GMFM88 in stem cell group. SAE: No SAE were reported. AE: Upper respiratory tract infection, diarrhoea, anorexia, constipation and urticaria. Gu et al. 20202012 months At 1 and 3 months: Motor: not significant improved on GMFM88 in stem cell group. At 6 and 12 months: Motor: Significant improved on GMFM88 in stem cell group. SAE: No SAE were reported. AE: Upper respiratory tract infection, diarrhoea, fever, vomiting, constipation. No significant difference between groups.543 Figure 2. Forest plot of comparison: Intervention group compared to the control group, their genetic makeup, since evidence exists, which links the safety of stem cell therapy outcomes with genetic variations. 29 In conclusion, this study concludes that stem cell therapy has shown therapeutic effects on the improvement of motor functions in patients with CP. Stem cell therapy also appears to be safe except for some minor and transient adverse effects. However, the methodologies to standardize the maximum efficacy of stem cell, treatment regimes, therapeutic cell dose, and optimal timing of cells therapy is still unknown. Also, the patient selection for stem cell therapy is important to maintain safety and efficacy. Thus, future clinical trials should have longer followup durations and include details of specific criteria such as patient’s age groups, gender, the timing of injury, severity, and type of CP. Strictly control the safety of studies by optimizing the route of delivery, type of stem cell, and dose to minimize the adverse effects. This may provide more reliable evidence for future treatment options. In the future, parents of patients who are diagnosed with CP can be given the option of stem cell therapy as a biological intervention to improve their children’s motor function. DISCLOSURE Financial support: This work was supported by the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme from the Ministry of Higher Education Malaysia and UCSI Universities. Conflict of interest: None REFERENCES 1. Oskoui M, Coutinho F, Dykeman J, Jette N, Pringsheim T. An update on the prevalence of cerebral palsy: a systematic review and metaanalysis. Dev Med Child Neurol 2013;55: 50919. 2. Novak I, Hines M, Goldsmith S, Barclay R. Clinical prognostic messages from a systematic review on cerebral palsy. Pediatrics 2012;130: e1285312. 3. Ketelaar M, Vermeer A, Helders PJ. Functional motor abilities of children with cerebral palsy: a systematic literature review of assessment measures. Clin Rehabil 1998;12: 36980. 4. Chen G, Wang Y, Xu Z, et al. Neural stem celllike cells derived from autologous bone mesenchymal stem cells for the treatment of patients with cerebral palsy. J Transl Med 2013;11: 21. 5. Ruff CA, Faulkner SD, Fehlings MG. The potential for stem cell therapies to have an impact on cerebral palsy: opportunities and limitations. Dev Med Child Neurol 2013;55: 68997. 6. Shroff G, Gupta A, Barthakur JK. Therapeutic potential of human embryonic stem cell transplantation in patients with cerebral palsy. J Transl Med 2014;12: 318. 7. Feng M, Lu A, Gao H, et al. Safety of Allogeneic Umbilical Cord Blood Stem Cells Therapy in Patients with Severe Cerebral Palsy: A Retrospective Study. Stem Cells Int. 2015;2015: 325652. 8. Zawadzka M, Rivers LE, Fancy SPJ, et al. CNSFigure 3. Forest plot of comparison: Umbilical cord blood compared to the control group, Neurology Asia December 2020544resident glial progenitor/stem cells produce Schwann cells as well as oligodendrocytes during repair of CNS demyelination. Cell Stem Cell 2010;6: 57890. 9. Jiao Y, Li XY, Liu J. A new approach to cerebral palsy treatment: Discussion of the effective components of umbilical cord blood and its mechanisms of action. Cell Transplant 2019;28: 497509. 10. Boruczkowski D, Pujal JM, ZdolińskaMalinowska I. Autologous cord blood in children with cerebral palsy: A review. Int. J. Mol. Sci 2019;20: 2433. 11. Jantzie LL, Scafidi J, Robinson S. Stem cells and cellbased therapies for cerebral palsy: a call for rigor. Pediatr Res 2018;83: 34555. 12. Higgins JP, Altman DG, Gotzsche PC, et al. The Cochrane Collaboration’s tool for assessing risk of bias in randomised trials. BMJ 2011;343: d5928. 13. Jadad AR, Moore RA, Carroll D, et al. Assessing the quality of reports of randomized clinical trials: is blinding necessary? Control Clin Trials 1996;17: 112. 14. Luan Z, Liu W, Qu S, et al. Effects of neural progenitor cell transplantation in children with severe cerebral palsy. Cell Transplant 2012;21: S9198. 15. Min K, Song J, Kang JY, et al. Umbilical cord blood therapy potentiated with erythropoietin for children with cerebral palsy: a doubleblind, randomized, placebocontrolled trial. Stem Cells 2013;31: 58191. 16. Kang M, Min K, Jang J, et al. Involvement of Immune Responses in the Efficacy of Cord Blood Cell Therapy for Cerebral Palsy. Stem Cells Dev 2015;24: 225968. 17. Sun JM, Song AW, Case LE, et al. Effect of autologous cord blood infusion on motor function and brain connectivity in young children with cerebral palsy: A randomized, placebocontrolled trial. Stem Cells Transl Med 2017;6: 20718. 18. Liu X, Fu X, Dai G, et al. Comparative analysis of curative effect of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cell and bone marrow mononuclear cell transplantation for spastic cerebral palsy. J Transl Med 2017;15: 48. 19. Huang L, Zhang C, Gu J, et al. A randomized, placebocontrolled trial of human umbilical cord blood mesenchymal stem cell infusion for children with cerebral palsy. Cell Transplant 2018;27: 32534. 20. Gu J, Huang L, Zhang C, et al. Therapeutic evidence of umbilical cordderived mesenchymal stem cell transplantation for cerebral palsy: a randomized, controlled trial. Stem Cell Res Ther 2020;11: 43. 21. Boruczkowski D, ZdolińskaMalinowska I. Wharton’s jelly mesenchymal stem cell administration improves quality of life and selfsufficiency in children with cerebral palsy: Results from a retrospective study. Stem Cells Int 2019: 7402151. 22. Forraz N, McGuckin CP. The umbilical cord: a rich and ethical stem cell source to advance regenerative medicine. Cell Prolif 2011;44: 609. 23. McGuckin CP, Forraz N. Potential for access to embryoniclike cells from human umbilical cord blood. Cell Prolif 2008;41: 3140. 24. Gilmore GL, DePasquale DK, Lister J, Shadduck RK. Ex vivo expansion of human umbilical cord blood and peripheral blood CD34 hematopoietic stem cells. Exp Hematol 2000;28: 1297305. 25. ManciasGuerra C, MarroquinEscamilla AR, GonzalezLlano O, et al. Safety and tolerability of intrathecal delivery of autologous bone marrow nucleated cells in children with cerebral palsy: an openlabel phase I trial. Cytotherapy 2014;16: 81020. 26. Li J, Yawno T, Sutherland A, et al. Preterm white matter brain injury is prevented by early administration of umbilical cord blood cells. Exp Neurol 2016;283: 17987. 27. Aridas JD, McDonald CA, Paton MC, et al. Cord blood mononuclear cells prevent neuronal apoptosis in response to perinatal asphyxia in the newborn lamb. J Physiol 2016;594: 142135. 28. Kanagasundram S, Amini F. Late complications of allogenic stem cells transplantation in leukaemia. J Tissue Eng Regen Med 2018;16: 19. 29. ALBattawi S, Hameed S, Ng ESC, Amini F. Impact of ctla4 and nod2/card15 gene variations on graftversushost disease after allogeneic hsct: a structured review. JUMMEC 2018;21.Supplementary Supplementary Figure 1. Forest plot of comparison: Intervention group compared to the control group, Outcome: Gross motor function changes at 6 months Supplementary Figure 2. Forest plot of comparison: Intervention group compared to the control group, Outcome: Gross motor function changes at 12 months Summary of the risk of bias in the selected studies Random sequence generation Allocation concealment Blinding of participants and personnel Blinding of outcome assessment Incomplete outcome data Selective reporting Luan et al. 2012 14Unclear risk Unclear risk Unclear risk Low risk Low risk High risk Min et al. 201315Unclear risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Kang et al. 201516Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Unclear risk Low risk Sun et al. 201717Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Unclear Liu et al. 201718Low risk Unclear risk Low risk Unclear risk Low risk Low risk Huang et al. 201819Unclear risk Unclear risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Gu et al. 202020Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk Low risk